Bookmark/link page
==================

Create a page with link information for your favorite websites stored in arrays that the user can "search" through
 
Create parallel arrays to store web site links. This will include arrays for each of the following:

*	Name of web site
*	Link URL
*	Link category (sports, business, etc.)
*	Keywords (list of words/terms)
 
You are creating a link "look-up" page that:

1.	Contains parallel arrays for each of the above. Enter at least 15 records/rows. Obviously try to have a relatively diverse set of links. Feel free to simply use sites/links you like.
2.	Your basic page should have an intro and title, and then a search box where the user can type in any word to "search" for. All of the above content should be in a div that is "centered" on the page, and the text within it should also be centered.
3. Create an empty div which will display search results
4.	When the Search button is pressed:
	1.	Clear/erase the current innerHTML of the div containing the search results.
	2.	If the user left the box empty, then a loop should go through all of the links and create "entries" for every link by addng to the innerHTML of the link div. You can use any HTML formatting to display the links. However at the very least, your link should look like the html snippet below under "Link output".
	3.	If the user DID enter inforamtion to search by, then use a loop to go through __ALL__ arrays looking for matches. If the search term is found in any of the arrays for that row, then there is a match for that row. Each link that has a match should output that link to the div (like above). You should NOT use a break command (you want all matching links). BUT you want ALL of your array searches to be in ONE IF statement, use the OR operator, ||, in between them. Your IF statement will use indexOf in conjunction with toUpperCase() or toLowerCase() to find "matches". IF NO RESULTS are found the div should be populated with a message, "No results found.".
	4.	Any "links" that are generated by either of the above should build anchor tags around the links (they should be clickable links, not just text). 

### Link output

Each link should output like this:

```html
<a href="http://facebook.com">
	Facebook (social media)
</a>
```

where "Facebook" is the name of the website, http://facebook.com is the link url, and "social media" is the category.
