Assignment - Bookmark/link page
=====================
Create a page with link information stored in arrays that the user can "search" through
 
Create an array-driven bookmark page for your favorite websites.

*	For this assignment, you are going to create parallel arrays to store web site links. This will include arrays for each of the following:
	*	Name of link
	*	Name of web site
	*	Link URL
	*	Link category (sports, business, etc.)
	*	Keywords (list of words/terms)
 
*	You are creating a link "look-up" page that:
	1.	Contains parralel arrays for each of the above. Enter at least 20 records/rows. Obviously try to have a relatively diverse set of links. Feel free to simply use sites/links you like.
	1.	Your basic page should have an intro and title, and then a search box where the user can type in any word to "search" for. All of the above content should be in a div that is "centered" on the page, and the text within it should also be centered.
	1.	The page should also contain an AP DIV that is placed low enough on the page that it does not overlap the intro, title and search box above. Set the left position of the div to 0 (the left edge of the page. Obviously this layer would NOT be properly centered with the page content. Set the initial visibility of this layer to hidden.
	1.	When the Search button is pressed:
		1.	The layer (ap div) should be moved to be CENTERED on the page. Clear/erase the current innerHTMl of that div.
		1.	If the user left the box empty, then a loop should go through all of the links and create "entries" for every link by addng to the innerHTML of the link div. You can use any internal formatting in that div such as having each link entry a series of lines, with blank lines in between each entry, or output/generate a table inside the div.
		1.	If the user DID enter inforamtion to search by, then use a loop to go through ALL arrays looking for matches. Each link that has a match should output that link to the div (like above). You should NOT use a break command (you want all matching links). BUT you want ALL of your array searches to be in ONE IF statement (use OR connectors in between them). Your IF clause will use indexof to find "matches". IF NO RESULTS are found the div should be populated with a message to that effect.
		1.	Any "links" that are generated by either of the above should build anchor tags around the links (they should be clickable links, not just text).
		1.	Finally, display the "result" AP div.